Yeah yeah yeah
Ah ah ah ah
Hello it is spring lymph 8 but I was today birthday, but I'm a personal matter today
It is September 17th According to what I heard yesterday
I was surprised to be pretty close to it seems sufficient land was Akiba's birthday
It is not food to co-culture, but
I always want to introduce what I am using
It spores is here although I'm already the stars say are singing
Though I like eight people and wear them
Though it is maker hat called this head
It is so I know recommend easy here very fog
2 types
It is here to suffer'm from good I franc even though I'm I the have is
I which is which but this is that the 36 points of where it say head
It is a monk, but it is very easy to wear here
Though it is not characteristic that collar length is a little short
Now
Year by the end of this year because leaving one Kedomo it has come also to say another sling 11 to 1 year
model
If it hasn't come out yet, it will be a little more
After all, that in do you think this amazing recommend would like to buy
Good Iiii
Unlike Korea , he feels totally different when he wears something
Very easy to wear
After eating evaluate the place called the Kasada much say the kana not rash that day
I like it very much
I can adjust the size of my head and have a regulatory function here Kedomo this is what
It's a bit hard to see, but I highly recommend it
Hat
Various Kedomo is what more's head
Please take a look by all means in the Also sold Toka cap not'm this hat
You can buy also towards the net store both of Tokyo but quite I like a variety a person of
Law whether
now
It was next to Sky Tree and it was waiting for that
It seems that there is also Toka When I go to the site of the head
Please take a look by all means I think that watch for in the in the you can also check the direction of the store
It was prevention to my Recommended
Then goodbye everyone